# Week-4-Blog-Post
My image's intended audience is people living in the Durham area who are old enough to adopt pets. Although, if little kids are the ones convincing their parents to adopt from an animal shelter, then they are included in the audience as well! The image shows the audience how many animals in the Durham areas are stuck in shelters and are in need of forever homes. Although shelters provide immediate care for orphaned animals, they in no way serve as suitable permanent homes. The numbers next to the names of the shelters demonstrate just how many animals have been abandoned and are looking for loving homes. 

I chose the green color for the shelter locations to ensure that they stood out against the light yellow background. I also wanted to ensure that the names of each shelter were clear and easy for the viewer to read, which is why I used the black letters on the white rectangular backgrounds. If you click on each shelter name, a picture of a young girl and a dog appear. I specifically wanted this image to hover over the shelters to show the loving relationship that can be formed between a human and their pet after adoption. Although this picture shows up when you click anywhere, the hope is that when the viewer specifically clicks on the shelter, it will prompt the viewer to imagine the aforementioned relationship.

If the mouse is on the right side of the computer screen, the sweeping black curves cover all of the animal shelters in Durham. You can still make out the names and locations, but the image is compromised and is not seen as clearly. Once you move the mouse to the left, the black lines slowly peel away and reveal a much clearer map of the shelters. This feature demonstrates the public's general ignorance about the importance of adopting animals from shelters and the quantity of animals that are forced to live their whole lives in enclosed shelters. The hope is that this interactive graphic enlightens the viewership and shows them the reality (the clear map).

I chose to create this image because I fostered abandoned kittens and volunteered at animal shelters throughout high school. These experiences really opened by eyes to how many animals were in need of loving homes, and so I decided to take a closer look at the shelters in Durham. 
 
Other artists that I explored approached their work completely differently. Wolfgang Laib, for example, was drawn to pollen because it was the opposite of what he had experienced in life. Pollen is all about life and beginnings, while Laib said his life saw a lot of death and tragedy. Hilary Lloyd's viewpoint wasn't really about anything she had or hadn't experienced. She expressed that she wasn't trying to document or say anything in particular, but rather was just capturing objects or movement to which she was drawn. Although I explored other artists' viewpoints as well, Laib's and Lloyd's really stuck with me. Laib made me think about how my work could show the opposite of what I saw as the reality (too many homeless animals), while Lloyd made me think about the importance of not taking it all too seriously.

